I'm Eric Andre you're watching talking
Tech Eric Andre is an ST guy in an HD
world HD sucks I hate HD SD SD makes it
magical to it like covers HD like all
like you zits and craters in your face
like come to life in HD it doesn't make
people look better it makes people look
worse the star of Adult Swim's ultra
wacky Eric Andre show specializes in
off-the-wall humor and crazy
hidden-camera segments which he shoots
on the streets of New York he's happy to
make them but he doesn't really care
what you thought of them in fact he's
just yanked his work off YouTube and
Facebook because I want it to be
selective with like my social media I
want all my videos to go through my
website and why don't want to be
censored and I don't like comments like
why is that the standard like I don't
need a bunch of racist 12 year olds to
tell me I suck every five seconds on
YouTube like I don't want to know the
views I don't want to know comments I
don't want to know if you want it you
think it's funny or it should die and
like just watch it or don't watch it now
talking tech with Eric Andre brings up
his love of serious tech gear from the
1980s I still have a Commodore 64 and I
use ms-dos do you check my email yeah
and I have a dial-up modem I kicked my
mama 24 baud or 56 both yeah yes I have
them combined and uh i download episodes
of quantum leap onto my computer takes
me for years and I dumped them on
laserdisc and that's how I get most of
my yeah I remember that all that yeah
yeah yeah I had an 8-track player I
loved dated technology yeah that's my
favorite just don't get him going on the
new iPhone 6 he has no interest I
actually think I am a conspiracy
theorist I believe that they put stuff
as soon as the six came out my five
started breaking down and I think they
put software something inside my phone
to it have it break down prematurely so
that you're forced to buy the six now if
I told you that my I have a six screens
bigger brighter
yeah it's faster yeah
camera wave every caveat you'd say I
would say you know it's going to be
better than the six the iPhone 7 and you
know what's better than the iPhone 7 the
iPhone 8 and even better than that it's
gonna be the night it's just a perpetual
cycle I'm excited about the 10 I'm very
excited about the dead and even better
the 11 uh-huh so no matter what we're
gonna be the six is gonna be irrelevant
finally looking for a fun holiday
activity with the family how about
shooting a hidden-camera video we asked
for his tips on the best way to do it
out of that depends on what you want to
do but you can hide a camera pretty much
anywhere and backpacks are nice and big
you can put a camera in a coffee cup
it's actually really scary how easily it
is to film people without them knowing
basically take the cup and put a little
hold a little yeah yeah yeah and draw
little like circles around it so they
look like other lenses so it just looks
like part of the design of the graphic
design of the coffee cup yeah